kubeadm reset unmounts /var/lib/kubelet (#23658)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/troubleshooting-kubeadm.md

This error message is shown when upgrading a Kubernetes cluster with `kubeadm` in the case of running an external etcd. This is not a critical bug and happens because older versions of kubeadm perform a version check on the external etcd cluster. You can proceed with `kubeadm upgrade apply ...`. 

This issue is fixed as of version 1.19.

## `kubeadm reset` unmounts `/var/lib/kubelet`

> This is a regression that is observed since 1.15 kubernetes.

Reviewer: uppercase Kubernetes.
we should indicated that the issue is fixed in 1.20.

let's not include a link to the PR, but here it is:
https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/93702

> This is a regression that is observed since 1.15 kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a regression introduced in kubeadm 1.15. The issue is fixed in 1.20.
```

> If `/var/lib/kubelet` is being mounted, performing a `kubeadm reset` will effectively unmount it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `/var/lib/kubelet` is a mount point, `kubeadm reset` unmounts that filesystem as a side effect.
```
?

What does “effectively” mean here? Is something other than `unmount()` happening?

Author: only unmount is happening

> If `/var/lib/kubelet` is being mounted, performing a `kubeadm reset` will currently unmount it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `/var/lib/kubelet` is being mounted, performing a `kubeadm reset` will effectively unmount it.
```

> Current workaround is to re-mount the `/var/lib/kubelet` after performing `kubeadm reset` operation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To workaround the issue, re-mount the `/var/lib/kubelet` directory after performing the `kubeadm reset` operation.
```

> This is a regression introduced in kubeadm 1.15. The issue is fixed in 1.20.

Author: sure, so what should we put ? `in the future Kubernetes release` ?

> This is a regression introduced in kubeadm 1.15. The issue is fixed in 1.20.

Reviewer 3: This fix is already in?

> This is a regression introduced in kubeadm 1.15. The issue is fixed in 1.20.

Author: Yes, https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/93702
